Twenty-one
teenagers have been murdered.
Yet another
community coming to terms
with an act
of senseless violence.
Got a call telling me
my son had been shot in a park.
That's not normal.
...22-year-old
was stabbed yards from his home.
That's not how society...
That's not how
we should be living
in society today.
Every 14
minutes there's a knife crime...
across England and Wales.
Tonight,
we speak to the innocents
caught in the crossfire.
...to the
victims who were aged 17 and under.
- Why are you carrying a 15-inch knife?
- Cos it's big.
I know it,
that when I wake up every morning,
it's one more day without him.
Knife crime is up 34% in a year.
About the postcode wars
going on between gangs.
It's a 17-year-old.
♪ Welcome to London
AKA the dungeon ♪
♪ Shoot-outs and stabbings
On, like, every other junction ♪
♪ Boredom plus poverty
That causes dysfunction there ♪
♪ Police in the ends But they ain't
rolling With a truncheon there ♪
♪ Battling for their borough
But they don't even own that ♪
♪ You touch one of theirs
Guarantee they're gon' Roll back ♪
♪ An eye for an eye
Sometimes innocents dead ♪
♪ Mothers burying their sons
Man, that shit ain't right ♪
♪ RIP, RIP
To all the innocent lives ♪
♪ I hope these youngers wake up
And they start seeing The light ♪
♪ What they riding for? ♪
♪ Tell me why
These mothers praying for? ♪
♪ You read the headlines
In the news ♪
♪ But they don't tell you
Why they go to war ♪
♪ So Imma break it down
For sure ♪
♪ And I ain't trying
To justify ♪
♪ But Imma show you What these
young men Are fighting for ♪
♪ And I ain't trying
To justify ♪
♪ But Imma show you What these
young men Are fighting for ♪
All my friends are going to Roughton.
Why can't I just go there?
- Timmy...
- Hmm?
We already spoke about this.
Borough High is
a really good school.
They have
an outstanding Ofsted report.
But what about all my friends?
You will make new friends.
Better ones. Safe.
Better than that Kieron, Kiron,
friend of yours.
Only God knows where that boy will end up.
Always getting into trouble!
That's my best friend.
I'm never going to see him again.
Good. Will you hurry up?
Get your coat and blazer.
You're already running late.
♪ Hey, ho
Lemme introduce you to Timmy ♪
♪ Innocent, kind heart ♪
♪ Just 11 years old
Lives with his mum ♪
♪ Dad died when he was young ♪
♪ His mother's working
Two jobs ♪
♪ Just to keep them
From the cold ♪
♪ Yeah, Timmy He's about
to start High school ♪
♪ But he's upset
Because he doesn't wanna go ♪
♪ It's far from his home
He'll be going there alone ♪
♪ All his friends from primary Went
to the school That's up the road ♪
- My name's Marco.
- I'm Timmy.
Uh, Timmy!
- Timmy!
- Yes!
♪ Little did he know
That before the day ends ♪
♪ He would meet Marco
And they became friends ♪
♪ You try and fight one
I bet the other jumps in ♪
♪ Four years down the line
You still can't separate them ♪
♪ Welcome to the Blue Story... ♪
Bang it! Bang it, Timmy!
♪ Welcome to the Blue Story ♪
That goal, yeah? You mirked it, blood.
No word of a lie, fam.
You already know me and Tim
come like Neymar and Mbappé.
What, who's Mbappé, though?
What? Come on, bro,
don't ask silly questions.
Wait. If you're gonna do that,
- at least do it properly.
- Come on, show him, please.
- Come on!
- What moves like this, man?
Oh, whatever man!
Get out of here, man!
How much pages did you do
for history homework?
Like, I spazzed on mine.
I done, like, five.
Well, I be real, man.
I forgot, fam.
My mum said if I got another
homework detention as well,
I ain't getting no pocket money
for a month.
See? I knew you'd forget.
I done a few extra pages for you, man.
- Stop chatting shit.
- Take, man.
You actually done it, bro?
Nice one!
- Get off of me, man.
- I love this guy!
- I love this guy, you know!
- Gay!
- Shut up, man!
- Invites to my party on Saturday, guys.
Not everyone got an invite, though,
so congrats on making the list.
Whoa, congrats.
Congrats, you know.
These times you know we're
the star boys of year 11, man.
Should be lucky
if we even turn up.
If you don't turn up,
you're gonna miss out.
It's gonna be
the best party of the year.
- Here you go, Timmy.
- Thank you.
Dwayne. Dress code:
grown and sexy, yeah?
- See you on Saturday.
- So, where's mine?
You know you don't need an invite.
Just make sure you come.
Say nothing.
I'll think about it.
- She's on you, cuz!
- You are in there, bruv. No word of a lie.
I'm not sure yet, man.
Hey... Hey, Leah.
Hey, Timmy.
Uh, are you going to Karina's party?
I'm not sure yet.
What about you?
Yeah. Course.
She said it's gonna be sick.
- You should come.
- Okay.
Well, then, it's more than
likely I'm gonna be there.
Sorry I missed your calls yesterday.
I was out with my dad.
Oh, no, that's fine, I was just calling
to see if you needed help with revision.
Oh. Thanks. Uh...
I'm actually struggling with trigonometry.
Oh, no, that's easy.
I can help you with that if you want.
Yeah,
that would be great.
- Shout me later. Yeah?
- Okay.
Should I call you
or text you or WhatsApp you?
- What's best for you?
- Low it. Trust me, man.
- Should I call you?
- Should I text you?
- Should I FaceTime you?
- Should I tweet you?
Everything is
a joke to you, guys.
You're supposed to be
helping me, bruv.
No, for real, you my light, man.
Fam, I'm gonna shout you later
and chat to you properly
cos talking in front of
these man is pointless bro.
Thank you. Tell me where I went
wrong like a proper friend.
Come on, man.
You know I got you.
All right, cool.
But, you see, when I shout you
later, should I call you
or message you or text you or
FaceTime you or DM you or what?
Ha, ha, ha. Very funny.
You men are comedians.
- I'm going to class, man.
- Oh, my days, man.
Should I call,
should I text, should I tweet?
- How you going, bro?
- Good, yeah.
All right, listen.
This thing ain't rating
my gangster, you know.
- I'm sliding in now.
- What? No.
Yo, babes.
Send me a little picture
of you in your birthday suit.
I wanna see you
looking all sexy.
That's it, it's over.
You flopped it, you flopped it, it's over.
No, she's replying.
She's replying.
Oh, my God! Aye, brother!
Look at that!
- Man, look at this ting.
- Look at the cheeks on that.
Mads, look at this.
Fuck all that shit, man!
My line ain't rang
in like three hours, fam.
I need peace, you know.
What's that ting
with Shanice sayin'?
Shanice! Oh, she's on.
My man like bare of her pictures.
She liked a few of his.
I'm just waiting on him
to slide in the DMs now.
- I bet eye emojis.
- Eye emojis.
Love-struck eyes and devils and that.
Joke, man.
Oh!
- Hear me. That's ours, man.
- Yeah?
Let me see that buff ting
you are talking about.
- Oi, oi, oi! Fuck!
- Strikes, easy now, man.
No, fam! Peckham youth!
Where? Where?
Oi, nobody run!
- Oi, dickheads, come!
- What you man doing?
What? Come!
Pussies, come! Come!
Come, pussies!
You man ain't nothing.
Man's never lacking over here.
All right.
Fuck these games, man. Pussios.
- Come, let's cut.
- Pussies!
- Oi, man dem!
- Come, come, come, come.
Hey, bro, these are the ones
I was telling you about.
- They're sexy, innit?
- They're sick, man. How much are they?
- One fiddy still.
- 150?
150's too much, man.
You can buy two Air Forces with that.
I got bare Air Forces, man.
Tim, I swear that's your girl.
Yeah, that's her still.
And she's with Shayanne, my future wife.
Blood, you wish, fam.
- Mm! I do still.
- I'm gonna go over there, man.
I swear you said that you was gonna
call her or text her or something.
Hey, hey, wait for me, man.
I wanna say hi to future Mrs Adekalu.
And I'm not a dickhead.
I'm not gonna come
and say to man, "Oh, cool,
lemme just share you."
Look at these two tings.
Come and go.
I'm taking the one
with the hair up.
- You girls all right, yeah?
- Oh, hey, Timmy, Hakeem.
- Are you shopping for Karina's party?
- What the fuck is this?
Marco is. We're just following.
Just buying trainers.
So, what? You little youngers
didn't see me and my boy coming
to talk to these two tings?
- No, no, we never saw you, I swear.
- All right. Bounce.
- Timmy, let's go, man.
- No, I'm not going nowhere.
- Unless you want me to go, Leah.
- No, Timmy. You don't have to go.
Excuse me,
but these are our friends.
And I'm not trying
to be rude, but...
We're not interested,
so if anyone's got to go,
it's you guys.
Why is it always the dead ting
to start talking?
- She's not dead.
- Don't talk to my friend like that.
- Or what?
- Or you'll move from her, man.
What?
Do you want me to wet you up?
I ain't scared of you.
Do you know who I am?
Yeah, you're Peckham man,
Skitz, innit?
He's not from around here
so he don't know you.
- Where you from?
- I'm from Deptford.
Ghetto boy, yeah?
No, I'm not a ghetto boy,
I just live in Deptford.
Wet my man up.
Leave him alone.
- Sayin'...
- Timmy, run!
Move from my boy!
What are you doing?
Hey, are you man mad?
Don't let me wet you up as well.
- Go on, do it!
- Chill, chill.
Nah, nah, nah.
I'll wet this little prick up first.
Then I'll wet
this little pussio up.
Then I'll wet this
Mickey-Mouse-looking bitch up!
Are you dumb? Do you not know
that's Switcher's little brother?
Shit.
- Yeah.
- All right. Sorry, fam, man.
I didn't know, fam.
Yo, Skitz, why are you man
troubling my boy for?
How are you friends with a ghetto yout?
Does your brother know?
We just ducked them fools
out their own ends.
Bruv, he's not ghetto,
he just lives in the area.
He don't know any of them.
Obviously he's gonna
tell you that
when he goes to school here!
If you live in them ends,
you're one of them. Ask your brother.
Skitz, I be real, man. Hear all of
that, but that's my boy, innit?
Hey, yo, chill, man.
It's not worth it, bro.
Fuckin' pussy.
Fuck's sake.
You know, I actually asked my
brother why do Peckham beef ghetto?
And what did he say?
He said, "Cos them man
there, they're pagans."
Well, why are they pagans,
though?
What does "pagans"
even mean, fam?
Bruv, I dunno, man.
All I know is,
if you're from ghetto,
you don't wanna bump up into my
brother and that guy, he hates them.
Is that why your brother
don't like me, then?
Cos I live in this area?
Bruv, what do you mean
my brother don't like you?
Of course he likes you.
No. He doesn't chat to me
the same way he chats
to Dwayne and Hakeem and that.
It's only cos
he's known them longer, bro.
My brother knows
you're my guy. Trust me.
You want something
from the shop?
Nah, I'm cool, man.
Shut up, man. I'm gonna get you
a Supermalt and some chocolate.
- Ah, cool, cool, cool.
- Yes, yes! My bro.
Oh, my days!
Man like Timmy, you know.
- What?
- Oh, my days, blood.
This guy!
Blood, man,
I hasn't seen you for 175 years, cuz!
I know. Long time, though.
How you been, Kiron?
Man said Kiron!
All right, listen, listen, listen.
Yo, forget that. Call me Killy.
That's what everyone calls
a man now.
- What you sayin', though, cuz?
- I'm good, man.
Blood, come like you disappeared and
left, man, after primary school?
You know how my mum is.
She had different plans.
Run the shit anyway.
Roughton kicked man out.
This guy.
You still punch a man up, yeah?
Aye, listen, listen, listen.
You, man, you see this brother here?
He can rock, you know?
Blood, he smacked out Shyro's
lights in primary school.
And you know how Shyro gets.
Blood, listen. I didn't.
Listen. I swear I know you.
- No, I don't recognise you from nowhere.
- Should have recognised him.
- Bruv, who you talking to like that?
- What?
Yeah, blood!
Man like Timmy, you know?
T, T, light up, man. Listen.
It's my fault. It's my fault.
It's my fault, bruv.
Sorry. Sometimes I get
faces mixed up, innit?
Don't watch nothing.
Man will see you about anyway,
yeah? Take care, cuz. Yeah?
Let's go, man.
Come, man. It's nothing, bro.
Come, man.
- Pussios, bruv.
- It's cool, man.
Oh, whatever, man.
That was a fluke, man.
What d'you mean fluke, boy?
You're dead.
Dinner is ready, all right?
We're coming, Auntie!
- Ooh!
- Here we go, boys.
Yes, Auntie.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you, Mum.
- Enjoy.
- Mm!
- I told you, man.
- Ah, this is peng.
- I told you.
- Hot, though.
- Oh, is it? Too spicy for you?
It's a joke, T-bone.
We're just out here
like some doughnuts, bruv.
Got man doing ten toes
in man's own ends.
Why the fuck did you duck out
for, you little prick?
- Madders, Madders, allow him, man.
- Shut the fuck up, you nerd!
You think I forgot about you?
What was we supposed to do
against all them man there?
- You left me and Galis there to die!
- I told you to come with me.
No fuckin' way, blood.
Are these youts dumb?
- What?
- The P youts, fam.
They filmed us getting ducked out.
It's all on the Internet now.
Lemme see.
Things got bare views
as well, bro.
"GB man are moist."
"Ghetto boy bitches."
- Joking? Are you joking?
- "These man should retire."
- "They're not built for it."
- Retire what? Are you mad?
Gimme that.
We need to pattern up, bro.
They're making man
look like some clowns.
Oi, where's the rest
of the man dem, fam?
As soon as them man get here,
we're making a move, yeah?
Nah, man, that's bait.
It's broad daylight.
Feds will wrap us up straight away.
Besides that,
them in our unit over there.
You sound like you're shook.
Stay on the ends, man.
If you don't wanna come,
don't come, innit?
Just know whoever ain't riding
with man is riding against man!
Remember that, yeah?
- You, man. Come, man.
- Who's rolling?
Everyone rolling, yeah?
Let's roll, man.
All right, Dips,
you got your tranq on you?
What you sayin', J?
What you doing there, man?
Dickhead.
Yo, school's a long time ago,
fam. Where you been?
- I was at Timmy's, you know.
- What, Lewisham?
Deptford.
Same ends, fam. I told you.
You shouldn't be round there anyway, cuz.
Gonna order some Chinese.
What you sayin'?
I'm good, you know.
I ate at Timmy's.
- Yeah? What you eat?
- Uh, some jollof rice and chicken.
What, you're aff now, yeah?
Eating that bubu food now, yeah?
No, I'm not even.
It's just that
Timmy's mum's food was peng.
I'm telling you.
You should try it, bro.
You're mad, fam.
You saying it's on levels
of Mum's cooking, fam?
Bro, when was the last time
Mum even cooked?
Cos I don't remember.
It's like nowadays
all we ever eat is takeaway.
Mum's working, bro.
You hear me?
Why you think we live in a nice
house and have nice things?
Hold on a second. Hello?
Yo, Mandy, what's going on?
You know what?
I'll knock off a tenner for you,
cos I'm just being
a bit long, innit?
Just sorting out
some family stuff.
All right. All right. Cool.
Go bust your shots, man.
I know money haffi mek.
Don't watch that, man.
Hey, this Intent film,
what's it say?
I ain't watched it,
but Dwayne said it's wavey.
Go and stick it on, then.
- Are you being for real?
- Come on, man.
Brother, come on, man.
Come out my seat, man.
- Why do you always do stuff like that?
- Bruv, just move, bro.
- So annoying.
- All the time, bruv.
And you know I had
tings set already.
- Slapped it on, though.
- All right. Cool.
You airing
one of your tings, yeah?
Nah, man, it's just Skitz.
I'll shout him later.
Hey, fam, Dwayne was showing me that
there's bare slappings going on in this.
Bruv, stop gassin'. You ain't
even seen the flippin' film, bro.
- Like, relax.
- No, no, I'm excited!
Fuckin' hell.
- Yo, bro. What, what?
- Yo, fam.
Check what you were saying
the ends.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Come on, now. What's going on?
- Call my other phone.
- All right.
Yeah, phone it now.
How many?
Come link me in the dinger.
Tell the rest of the man dem
to link us on Southampton Way.
♪ They went ghetto first
So the ghetto came back ♪
♪ So now time to put in work
Black gloves with black straps ♪
♪ Tit for the tat
That's the gang war way ♪
♪ Black bandana gang Need
them now We don't play... ♪
Yo, J, come watch this film.
It's wavey.
- You're missing out.
- No, that's gotta wait.
- I gotta rush out quickly.
- You said the money ting can wait.
Brother, it's not even
a money ting.
Them pagans are running up
in the ends, innit?
Why can't the rest handle it?
Why do you have to go?
Because I run Peckham, innit?
I protect it, innit?
- You should come with, man.
- Yeah, I'll come if you want me to.
That's the problem with you.
You should wanna come with man
regardless, not because I want you to.
- Yo, ghetto boys!
- Pussio Peckham!
Let him be, man!
Let him be! Come, man!
- I wanna make sure he's dead!
- Man, people are watching! Galis!
GB pussy! Ghetto boys, wicked and...
Fuck. Fuckin' hell.
All right, Galis,
they're gonna take you to hospital, bro.
You're gonna be all right, fam.
I swear, fam.
I'm gonna link you
at the hospital.
I gotta go, fam.
Feds are coming.
Fuck.
♪ Ah, that's peak, man
Galis had died ♪
♪ Was shot dead from the back
Through his chest With that big .45 ♪
♪ Madder can't forget
That look in his eyes ♪
♪ Maybe if he took him hospital
He could have survived ♪
♪ Madder's gotta live with that
For, like The rest of his life ♪
♪ Man, he wished He woulda stayed
And never left him behind ♪
♪ Now every time that he's alive
It's gonna play on his mind ♪
♪ And any time that he's alone He
wipes the tears From his eyes ♪
♪ He's gonna miss
His best friend ♪
♪ But he promised
That he's getting revenge ♪
♪ And fuck Switcher Fuck Skitzer
Fuck the whole of them ends ♪
♪ But these times Switcher's
glad He finally got one of them ♪
♪ And when Madder comes back
He'll be waiting on him ♪
♪ It's one-nil now But Madder's
trying To even the ting ♪
♪ A straight six-foot deep
He's trying to bury him in ♪
♪ And Madder just can't forget
Switcher's fucked-up grin ♪
♪ Madder can't believe He'll
never see His brethren again ♪
♪ It's fucked ♪
Bro, you missed it.
That movie was sick.
Did you change your clothes?
Yeah. Where's Mum?
She said don't put
the door on the latch
cos she's gonna be
coming in late.
Let me chat to you
for a second.
Bro, you all right?
You moving bookey, man.
Listen, yeah.
If anyone asks, yeah,
I've been here the whole time.
Yeah?
Yeah? All right.
You went to school, yeah?
And then you went
to go check your bridging.
Yeah? You came back home,
I was here.
And then we watched
a movie together. Yeah?
- You understand?
- Yeah, but what if Mum asks?
Anyone! Yeah?
If anyone asks. I don't care.
Mum, police, I been here.
Cool, so I went to school,
I went to Timmy's, I came home,
we watched a movie,
spoke about girls and we chilled.
- And I never left.
- And you never left.
All right.
Yeah. That's what
I'm talking about, man.
That's what I'm talking about.
Remember, you know.
Yeah? We got each other's backs.
- Come on.
- Yeah?
- I got yours, you got mine.
- Hundred.
They shot man three times in
the chest and twice in the head, bruv.
They weren't trying to leave no
chance of man surviving that.
You're chatting shit, man.
It was three times in the head
and twice in the chest.
He shot him bare times
cos he hated him so much.
- Nah, see, your story's boogs.
- You're chatting shit.
- You're the one chatting boogs!
- What you even talking about?
Some guy got shot dead
in Peckham yesterday.
Mm, a peng guy.
It was one of them bruddas from your ends.
Ghetto boy Galis.
You didn't hear about it?
Nah. Wait, if he was ghetto,
what was he doing in Peckham?
Them man come
to the Narm to ride out, bro.
Tried to get someone done
and they took an L, innit?
- It's mad.
- It's crazy, man.
I just hope I'm not in ends
when them man come for revenge.
Nah, they ain't coming back here, man.
They know now.
Stepping foot inside the Narm,
suicide mission.
- You're talking like a Peckham boy.
- Not even, bro.
All I'm saying is when
it comes to this beef ting,
Narm's not the gang
to be fuckin' with.
Do you get?
Anyway, what are you lot wearing
to Karina's party?
Cos me and Leah
are gonna be on slay mode.
- Grown and sexy.
- Okay. Tell them again, please?
For Galis, man.
This shit ain't right, man.
Galis should be here
with us now.
Swear Galis was scared
of no one, like.
He actually liked beef.
It was like a sayin' or something.
You know what I mean?
His mum's saying
the funeral's in two weeks.
Used to say he don't want his body
to get eaten by worms and shit.
Yeah, that sounds like Galis.
- You should tell his mum.
- Yeah.
You gonna tell her
it was your fault he's dead?
- What d'you say?
- You heard me.
It's your fault he's dead.
If you didn't make everyone go
Peckham, then he'd still be here now.
Are you fuckin' mad?
He was on going Peckham
way more than I was!
If you would have said no,
he would have said no.
You're the only person
that could control him.
And for some reason, I dunno
why, but he respected you.
- Do you wanna die, cuz?
- No, leave him, leave him, leave him!
Cos I don't give a shit anymore!
That was my best friend.
My best fuckin' friend.
Then he started rolling with you
and then you fucked up his head.
He dropped you out
to roll with me.
Cos I ain't no pussy like you, you know?
Real recognise real.
Where the fuck has
being real got you, huh?
Where's it got you?
See where it got him.
And what, what are you gonna do
now that he's dead, huh?
You gonna scream "RIP" and wear
his fuckin' face on your T-shirt?
I'm gonna catch Switcher
and shoot him dead.
This gang beef is all bullshit!
Man are out there
fighting for what?
A postcode you don't even
fuckin' own?
If you ain't with the gang,
you're a victim. You know that.
Make me a victim, then.
Go on, make me a victim.
Make me a... Make me a victim!
Make me a fucking victim, go on!
Shoot me, go on!
Yeah, Madder, yeah?
Madder, yeah?
- Hey, Mads, lower, man.
- Fucking shoot me!
- You a pussy!
Fucking shoot me, then!
Hey, Mads, lower it, man.
Put it down, bruv.
Fuck you!
Fuck all of you lot, man.
Fuck you, you prick!
- Fuck this shit!
- Go on, run off!
- Fucking what, man?
- You're lucky Galis liked you!
Let's go and get revenge for
Galis without this dickhead, man.
Come with me.
- Listen.
- Go on, go on.
♪ Yo, yo ♪
♪ On our way to a motive ♪
♪ Gonna bend Shayanne over
And tell her all this ♪
♪ She says
Haks, you like me? ♪
♪ I said
Babes, you already know this ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ You already know this ♪
♪ Hey, you already know this ♪
This party
is gonna be sick, man!
I'm moving to every peng ting once
we get inside there. Are you mad?
Fuck them colleges.
This is our party. Are you mad?
I just want Shayanne, blood.
I'm gonna try hold
a nice slow one with her.
Trust me, fam,
I'm gonna try the same with Leah.
Ain't that Timmy's ting?
- Cos he helps her out with her homework?
- We talk about other things.
"We talk about
other things", bruv!
So, I take it you're both
in the friend zone, then?
Cool. You see, tonight
one of you are coming out of it.
The first one
that winds with her,
the other one
has to back off, yeah?
Shit, that's cool with me cos
the way man's looking tonight,
man's gonna be scrubbing as
soon as I get through the door.
Her feelings ain't something
we should all be betting over.
Gay!
Fine. Whatever, innit? If she dances
with you first, I'll back off.
All right, it's on.
My money's on Dwayne.
That's exactly
where it should be!
♪ You already know this ♪
♪ Hey, you already know this ♪
♪ Yo, grew up on a dumb estate ♪
♪ Buzzword
That's a jumpy place ♪
♪ Everybody getting
White boy wasted ♪
♪ Right now
I can't feel my face ♪
♪ Two chicks in the back
Just waiting ♪
♪ Tryna act like
They don't wanna wait ♪
Ooh!
Oh, my days.
Look at Shayanne,
she looks mad peng.
So does Leah, fam.
I'm looking to win this bet right now.
Tell me who wins this bet.
I'm gonna find a sexy ting
and lips her face off.
I'm gonna do my ting with Shayanne.
I'm gonna keep watching.
♪ Mistake ♪
♪ C-Town, that's a funky place ♪
♪ QC, that's a junkie place ♪
♪ Talk tough
Get a punch in face ♪
♪ Was a waste man
And you're still waste ♪
♪ Can you please get
The fuck out my face ♪
♪ Please ♪
♪ I said, please get the fuck
Out my face ♪
♪ Got the B from base... ♪
Uh, Leah, let's dance.
Uh, thanks.
This brudda don't look like
he's gonna leave her alone.
He's trying to wrap her up.
Hey, hey, there's two tings coming.
Go chat to them.
Nah, I'm all right, man.
You looking to spend your
whole party waiting for her?
You're mad.
♪ Juggu boys, yuh ♪
♪ When she stepped in
Looking like a snack ♪
♪ Man dem ready to attack ♪
♪ You know what I want
So give me dat ♪
♪ And you know
Givers never lack ♪
♪ When I stepped in
Looking like a snack ♪
♪ The gyal dem ready to attack ♪
♪ You know what I want
So give me dat ♪
♪ Yeah, we know
Givers never lack ♪
♪ Stepped in
Looking like a snack ♪
♪ Big boy
Can you handle that? ♪
♪ Take it down, down, down
Ride you like a Cadillac ♪
♪ Said he heard I'm the best
Yeah, baby, that's a fact ♪
♪ After two
Tell me what you wanna do ♪
♪ Me and you
No one else to come through ♪
♪ Say your grace
Eat it with some gratitude ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm full of attitude
Said I'm looking like a snack ♪
♪ What's your fave position?
Wanna hit it from the back? ♪
♪ Pretty long legs
And you know that arse fat ♪
♪ Package too big
Had to put some in the back ♪
♪ It's in the back
And we never lack ♪
♪ Niggas wanna stick
To the kid like tack ♪
♪ Flow like water
And you know I spit crack ♪
♪ You like the way
I back it up... ♪
Brother, did you see me
with Shayanne, bruv?
Hey, her bum is soft!
Oh, my days!
Hey, yo, bruv, Leah's over
there dancing on her own, fam.
I dunno, man.
I just saw her reject someone.
Bruv, that wasn't you.
What, big bad Timmy scared
of a little rejection?
Go to her, man.
Go on!
Yeah.
♪ I got this Marbek
For my nigga Ladi ♪
♪ In the Addison Lee
But my name ain't Maddie ♪
♪ Shut down anywhere... ♪
You look nice.
Timmy! Thanks. So do you.
When did you get here?
Uh, like an hour ago.
Came with Marco.
I was actually wondering
if you would...
- Yo, Leah, let's dance.
- Okay.
♪ Package too big
Had to put some in the back ♪
♪ Back, back, back It's in
the back And we never lack ♪
♪ Niggas wanna stick
To the kid like tack ♪
♪ Flow like water
And you know I spit crack ♪
♪ And you like the way
I back it up like that... ♪
'Sup, bro. You've gotta
leave her now, brudda.
Leave her to Dwayne.
A bet's a bet, fam.
I'm just gonna
leave her alone now, man.
What, you want some?
Nah, man.
♪ When I stepped in
Looking like a snack ♪
♪ The gyal dem ready to attack ♪
♪ You know what I want
So give me dat ♪
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
I'm just a little bit tired.
I was gonna see if you wanted to
dance, but if you're tired...
Oh, no, no, I do, but I just thought
you were dancing with Dwayne.
Uh, yeah, I was.
It's a party.
You can dance with
more than one person.
Come on, this is my song.
- What the fuck you doing?
- It was just a little dance.
- Punch you up.
- Go on, do it, then.
You're a fucking thug!
You know that?
What gowan in me house?
Get out me house.
Everybody out.
Five bomberclart seconds
to come out of me house!
One!
Five!
Hey, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
Boss, boss, boss!
One second, one second!
All right, come, you man!
We fucked up them colleges, blood!
Are you mad?
I told you, I told you,
I told you I was gonna run this party!
Bro, bro, I can't lie.
That was the best party
I've ever been to, bruv.
Police! Let me see your fuckin' hands!
Do not fucking move!
Do it! Put your hands
where I can see them!
Don't fucking move!
Do not move! Get down!
Get on your knees!
Relax, man! I'm on my knees!
Hands where I can see them!
- Don't move! Stay there!
- I'm not moving!
Down on your knees,
you black cunt!
Don't you worry!
I'm coming for you!
- Don't touch me!
- You need to get back!
He ain't done nothing!
He ain't done nothing
but you lick off my door!
You lick off my door!
You fixing my door?
Pussios!
I know you only
offered to walk me
cos Marco didn't come
to school today.
That's like saying
you only accepted
because Shayanne
wasn't in today.
Could be.
So, did you enjoy
Karina's party, then?
Yeah.
Would have liked to dance
with you for longer, though.
Oh, yeah.
Ah, I'm sorry about that.
I saw that guy punch Marco,
and obviously I had to back him.
I get you wanted
to help your friend,
but what are you
trying to prove?
It's like the other day
with those Peckham guys.
You just stood there
when he had a knife.
Have you watched the new season
of Game of Thrones?
No. I was waiting
to watch them all at once.
They're...
They're all out now, you know?
Yeah, I know.
Gonna watch them this weekend.
Well, my mum's working away
this weekend, so...
you can come watch it
at mine if you like.
Are you really trying to get me
over on a Netflix and chill thing?
No, no, of course not.
I'm just...
It's not even on Netflix.
I just found a good site
to watch it on and, um...
I thought it would be nice
to watch it with someone
who enjoys the show
as much as I do.
More, actually.
Team Lannister.
What? No, no, no, no.
No way. Team Stark.
- Guess we'll see on the weekend, then.
- Okay.
That's my bus.
WhatsApp me later.
- All right, cool.
- Thanks for walking me.
Bruv, I heard
your brother got bagged.
Yeah, fam, probably cos of stupid
people like you starting rumours, fam.
But it's minor anyway.
They let him go on bail cos they
didn't find no evidence, innit?
- Oh, God.
- Fam, you man...
♪ Yeah, it's so mad
Timmy finally asked Leah out ♪
♪ Leah said yes
Now Timmy's all glad ♪
♪ Dwayne's trying to tease
About sex ♪
♪ But Timmy loves her
He don't care about that ♪
♪ Same day, same ends, man
Marco got a link with a girl ♪
♪ That he met on the Gram ♪
♪ She's older
But when he told her ♪
♪ He lied about his age
Saying he's a big man ♪
♪ You know them ways Marco
don't care He just tryna be ♪
♪ Man, he's thinking If he
sleeps with An older girl ♪
♪ He'll be the man
When he tells his peeps ♪
♪ Tells his peeps... ♪
- Oh, my days.
- Oh, she is peng.
♪ It's like love versus sex ♪
♪ True, one of them's heading
For the long term ♪
♪ The other one hits
And he's on to the next ♪
♪ Yeah, it's like
Love versus sex... ♪
- My guy! I see you!
- Listen, listen.
I don't want sex.
I just want her, innit?
You're so gay!
Oh, my days!
But, Tim, my dumplin'
is clotting up my ting.
Imma check you after,
though, innit.
You all right?
Come in.
Shut the door behind you,
though.
You're peng, you know.
Some cheese Doritos as well.
I know that they're
your favourite.
Thanks.
Team Lannister. Let's go.
- You like that, yeah?
- Harder!
- Harder, yeah?
Harder! Harder!
- Wait.
- Oh, shit.
Did you just come?
A little bit. What about you?
No.
20 minutes, man, it's your time.
Don't watch that.
Yep, I got it.
What's your Bluetooth name?
Um, Ultra125.
This is my tune.
♪ I only got one rule ♪
♪ Can you keep it strictly us? ♪
Wow. Your voice is dope.
You should be a singer.
How many singers you know
that come out of Peckham?
Well, none, but it's not like
you can't be the first.
I wish.
I'm serious.
Look at John Boyega.
He's from Peckham and look,
he's in Star Wars now.
True.
And your voice is amazing.
I can't lie.
It's as good as all the people
I hear on the radio and stuff.
And you're prettier
than all the girls I see on TV.
You're sweet.
♪ It's only you ♪
♪ It's only, it's only you ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I only got one rule ♪
♪ Can you keep it strictly us? ♪
Can we go to your room?
Yeah, okay.
♪ Lay in my bed ♪
♪ Tell me your secret ♪
♪ Let me explore ♪
♪ What's inside your head ♪
♪ You rest your head ♪
♪ And I'll be your pillow ♪
♪ You can de-stress ♪
♪ This whole world ♪
♪ I've been here before ♪
♪ But I like
Where this is going ♪
♪ Let's go with the flow... ♪
Have you got a condom?
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Are you all right?
I've never done this before.
No, neither have I.
Um, do you wanna stop?
No.
Fam, man's been belling you
for time.
Has that got salt and vinegar,
yeah, boss? Love.
Yo. Man's been belling you
for time.
The back was mad, bro,
gelling it for time.
Got man buying this shit
chicken and chips as well, man.
I beg you pick up.
Aye! Hey, come here.
I swear that's my man
from the other day.
- Oh, yeah.
- What gowan, my bro? You good, yeah?
Your man allowed you the other day cos
you said you was with my man. Hold this.
What you sayin' now, though?
Where you from?
Man's from Pecknarm, fam! What?
Is this man from...
Are you mad, blood?
Are you fuckin' stupid, bruv?
Fuckin' pussy. Are you crazy,
banging me in my face?
My man bang me in my face.
Fuck that. Hold out his arm.
Hold out his arm!
Hold out his fucking arm, bruv!
Fuckin' pussio, bruv!
Hold it straight. Yeah, you f...
Hey, feds!
Hey, you didn't have to
wait for me.
Yeah, I know.
But I wanted to.
Have you told Marco about us?
I hope you didn't
tell him everything.
I've actually been trying
to call him all weekend
but I can't get through to him.
Shayanne was happy for us.
Said we're like
Stormzy and Maya Jama.
It don't make sense.
You think it's coincidence
that man went to a shop near...
What happened?
Who done this to you?
Your boys done it.
My boys? Who's my boys?
- You best friend Killy, innit?
- Wait, Kiron done this?
Him and his boys rushed me at that
shop near your yard. But it's cool.
Watch when we catch him.
I'm gonna find him,
I'm gonna fuck him up.
Nah, I'm talking about
me and my brother
and the man dem from my ends.
I'm coming with you lot, innit?
We don't want no one stopping
us from fucking up your GB friends.
What?
What are you talking about?
You know I'm not part of them.
We were cool in primary and that's it.
You're my brother.
I'm fully with you.
I only have one brother
and that ain't you.
I was calling you
bare times.
I was busy
when you called.
I tried calling you back but
I couldn't get through to you.
Listen, when have I ever,
ever left you during a madness?
We always have each other's
back, you know this.
Cool, if you're with man,
show me where Killy lives.
I don't know where he lives.
I've never been to his house.
I just know he lives
round Lewisham side.
My brother told me
you wouldn't wanna tell me.
Just move, man. You're a snake.
Marco, why are you letting
your brother brainwash you?
You know Timmy
isn't part of a gang,
and he'd never want
to see you get hurt.
Just stop being stupid.
Why the fuck are you talking?
What's this got to do with you?
Hey, come on, man. You ain't got
to talk to her like that bro.
Bro... okay, so you two
finally fucked now, yeah?
Oh!
No wonder she's fighting
your battles.
I see you're still upset,
so just shout me when you've calmed down.
- Let's go, Leah.
- Take your hoe and go.
Ooh!
Wait, who you calling a hoe?
What, you fuckin' dumb?
Bruv, don't...
Oh!
If you ever touch her again...
What are you gonna do, huh?
What are you gonna do? Tell me, fam!
- Chill, chill.
- You crazy!
You get Killy's address?
So, hold on,
you're telling me
you go to school
with a broken arm
and you come back
with a fuckin' black eye, bro?
Are you a human punch bag, fam?
Is that what man is now?
A human punch bag, fam?
Right, don't... don't...
don't let man
get away with that.
Do you hear me?
♪ And just like that
Everything will change ♪
♪ They used to be best friends
Now they're fully estranged ♪
♪ Yeah, Marco got jumped
But Timmy wasn't to blame ♪
♪ But it's true his big brother
Fully got in his brain ♪
♪ Plus, he banged him In the
face In front of everybody ♪
♪ That's a major disgrace ♪
♪ Older brother's saying ♪
♪ You'd better put him
In his place ♪
♪ But Marco still loves him
Doesn't wanna set pace ♪
♪ But if he touches him again ♪
♪ Then murder's gonna be
The case ♪
♪ Months went past
And they still ain't friends ♪
♪ Timmy's there with Leah
While Marco rolls in his ends ♪
♪ I'm talking black bandanas
Black hoodies and skengs ♪
♪ He made his big brother proud
Then became one of them ♪
♪ Meantime Timmy's fallen
Deeper in love ♪
♪ His lover and his best friend
It's like she came from above ♪
♪ He's with her every single day
But it's still not enough ♪
♪ She feels exactly the same
Man, they fit like a glove ♪
Guess who? I'll give you a hint.
She is the girl of your dreams.
- Um, Rihanna?
- Oi!
I'm playing.
You know you're the girl of my dreams.
Well, I'd better be.
You were just gonna try and
talk to him again, weren't you?
I just don't get how he
can turn on me like that.
And it's not even just him.
It's the whole school
treats me different now.
Dwayne don't even look at me,
and Hakeem barely says
two words.
I swear you're the only person
that still likes me.
I don't like you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Do you know what day
it is today?
Uh, Wednesday?
It's our three-month
anniversary.
I can't believe you forgot.
It's the first time we...
And since then
it's been 100 times.
- Oh, so you remember that?
- Of course.
And I remembered that it's
our three-month anniversary.
- Look, I got you this.
- Oh, my God!
- You like it, yeah?
Yeah! I love it!
I actually thought
you'd forgot, you know.
No way.
Yeah, this is so getting
100 likes.
- Because of me.
- Ah, whatever, man.
What, where you going?
Where you going, man?
Fuckin' shit, mate!
Timmy!
Stop!
Get off of him!
Timmy!
Hey, yo, man dem, move!
♪ Man, it's crazy
How it got to this ♪
♪ They were just a small group
Of happy innocent kids ♪
♪ Yeah, Timmy met Leah In that
time When he left year six ♪
♪ And from that moment on
He loved her since ♪
♪ She was finally his ♪
♪ And as for his best friend ♪
♪ He always kind of thought That
they'd be brothers Till the end ♪
♪ Swear, he can't believe
How he done him in the end ♪
♪ And it's all because The council
housed them On different ends ♪
♪ This is real, not pretend ♪
♪ I swear man is sick ♪
♪ Marco really smashed
Timmy's face with a brick ♪
♪ And on top of all of that
If that weren't enough ♪
♪ He slapped Leah to the ground
She died in her own blood ♪
♪ The whole thing's messed up ♪
♪ She didn't deserve the luck ♪
♪ Marco got found guilty
And the judge locked him up ♪
♪ The whole thing's fucked up ♪
♪ He didn't mean to do it
But she still got touched ♪
♪ And we don't even know
If Timmy ever wakes up ♪
Who's that?
- Skeng x AM.
- Let me see.
AM's going in.
Oh, shit.
Party time.
Shopping on this bus, blood.
Hold up, hold up, hold up.
Yo, pussy, listen.
Run your fucking shit.
If I turn this into
a fucking crime scene.
Are you stupid, blood?
Pass that.
Are you fuckin' mad?
Do you pussios know who man is?
You fuckin' Peckham youts.
I swear to you,
we're not Peckham.
He lives in Dulwich,
I live in Elephant...
Shut up before I smack your teeth
down your throat, you dickhead.
- Oi, give them back their phones.
- Oh, what?
You heard me, fam.
- Why?
- Cos they look like youngers.
You think I give a fuck
about a Peckham younger?
- They look like they ain't part of it.
- So what?
Bruv, run them back, man.
Fuck's sake, man! I hate...
Oh, my god, bruv. You always come
like some fuckin' Mother Teresa
with these dickhead
Peckham youts blood.
Fuck's sake, man.
Move, man. Shit.
Spread the word that
Younger Madder is on the ends.
Hold on,
I swear that's Hakeem.
What? Who's Hakeem?
Hakeem!
Timmy! Bruv, how you...
Was you one of them
that rushed me?
What? Bruv, of course not!
You were my friend, man!
This is one of them pussio
Peckhams that killed your girl.
Say the word, I soak him up.
- I am not a Peckham yout.
- Shut the fuck up, blood!
Talk without me asking you to and
watch what I do to you, you fat fuck.
Unless you think
man's playing, innit?
Where's Marco?
- Where can I find him?
- I don't...
- Don't lie to me.
- Look, I'm not lying, man!
I ain't seen him
since he come out of prison!
Bruv, look, killing Marco
won't bring Leah back.
Think three and a half years
is worth her life?
It wasn't his intention
to kill her, blood.
Look, man, if you could just
forgive him like our God forgives...
God forgives, you know.
I don't, bruv.
She tried
to stop them from killing me,
and he hit her so hard,
so fuckin' hard, Hakeem,
that she smashed her skull
on the ground and died.
I ain't forgiving no one
till he's dead.
Fuckin' dickhead!
♪ Yeah, Timmy He's a ghetto
boy now It's official ♪
♪ Try and know
If you buck him on the road ♪
♪ He's got his shank
Or his pistol ♪
♪ When Leah died
For months he cried ♪
♪ And the day that he stopped ♪
♪ He decided
It's an eye for an eye ♪
♪ He went Peckham
By himself to ride ♪
♪ Was one man against the gang
But every night he tried ♪
♪ But every time he fell
It just made him sicker ♪
♪ And after what Marco done
He got the nickname "Bricker" ♪
♪ One day on the street
He bumped into Killy ♪
♪ And he let it all out
About his pain and hunger ♪
♪ Yeah, Killy understand
Introduced him to the fam ♪
♪ Eventually down the line
Madder made him his younger ♪
♪ He made the team smarter
He made them think quicker ♪
♪ And Killy made a promise He's
gon' help him Kill Bricker ♪
♪ It's about to go down... ♪
You ain't gotta be so upset,
you know, cuz.
Man's gonna kill Bricker,
you know.
Good.
It's 5:00 a.m. in the morning.
Why you still up?
Hardly sleep anymore, bro.
Bruv, you've just come home.
It's been a few months.
Takes a bit of time adjusting.
It's got nothing to do
with jail.
It's the fact that
man actually killed her.
It was an accident.
Yeah? You went inside for manslaughter.
You served your time.
Yeah, and men are out there
trying to kill you, bro.
You need to get your head
back in the fucking game.
I heard them man
been circling the ends still.
It's cool, though.
I never leave here, like...
Fuck waiting for him
to come for you, boy!
You need to be going out
for them!
Hey, put mine down there
as well.
She was gonna be a star, man.
Swear I can still hear
her voice sometimes, man.
Yeah.
I hear Galis' voice
sometimes still.
And, what, do you talk to him?
Sometimes.
When I go to his grave and that.
I talk to Leah
sometimes as well, man.
Tell her that I miss her
and that I still love her.
Are you okay, fam?
Might need to go and see
a doctor or something,
clear your head, bro.
Mum made me go doctor's
when it happened, bruv.
But he just gave me
some tablets and shit, bruv.
They just make me
wanna go to sleep.
But I ain't going to sleep
until I get Marco.
And then I'm gonna go to her.
You sound a bit mad, you know.
How you gonna go to her, bro?
Yo, Killy,
let me shout you back, bro.
I've got the drop on Switcher.
He's right in front of man.
You sure?
Okay, man's coming right now.
What's good?
- Killy got the drop on Switcher.
- Let's go.
Hey, girl.
Thank you.
- Sure it was him?
- That's what I thought!
I weren't a hundred at first.
But then I heard some girl call his
name, fam. It's defo him.
I'm not sure if he's still there.
Why'd you take so long?
I had to go get the van.
What's wrong with you, fam?
Hey, younger,
drive a bit further down.
Blood, this van's
a piece of shit as well, cuz.
I can't even open the ting
from the inside.
Hold on, why can't
our next man sit out front?
- There's a space right there.
- What's wrong with you?
Come on.
I'm claustrophobic back here.
I told you before, fam.
Three black men rolling in a van at night.
You don't think it's bait?
Trying to get us nicked or something?
Get comfortable, man.
There's fuckin' duvets
back there anyway, man.
- Yo, baby!
- Sorry, I've got to go.
What you doing?
I was just trying to chat to your friend.
What's wrong with you?
I swear that's my man
over there.
You will regret it.
- It's him.
- No, man, I told you...
Hey, Mad, bust the door.
Let me fuck him up as well. Hey, Mad!
Oi!
Oh, shit! Hey!
Fuck him up, younger!
Smack him up, man!
Fuck him up, man! Don't stop!
Tell Galis I said wagwan.
Fuck.
Hey, wait, wait!
There's feds there!
Wait, bruv! Hey, fam, what...
Oh, my God!
What the fuck happened to Madder?
- Fuck! Is he okay?
- Fam, this is fucked!
Oh, shit!
Open it.
Open the fucking van, fam!
- Get him in.
- Now close the fuckin' door!
Hello? Southwark Hospital.
What is he telling me?
Sorry.
What you sayin', bro?
How you feeling?
How the fuck
do you think I'm feeling?
Hmm?
They said... that I'm gonna be
in a fucking wheelchair...
for the rest
of my fuckin' life, man.
It's cos of you, you know.
How you let that pussio
stab man up, fam?
- We're meant to have each other's backs.
- What could I have done?
What could I have done, bro?
I couldn't do nothing.
Bro, you know I wouldn't even
be here if the gun did not jam.
But you're here, though.
You're fine.
What am I gonna do now?
Hmm?
Why the fuck are you crying?
Why the fuck are you...
I'm the one that ain't never
gonna walk again, man.
Yeah? I'm a cripple.
Yeah?
I'd rather be dead, man.
I'd rather be dead, cuz.
Yo, furthermore,
get the fuck out, man.
Bro, I'm sorry.
No, get the fuck out, man.
- I swear I'm gonna...
- Marco, leave me alone, man!
Marco?
Marco!
Where you going?
We're in this thing
together now!
All of this time it's
been you coming for me, yeah?
Well, now I'm coming for you,
and I swear on my life,
I ain't gonna stop
until you're fuckin' dead.
Yo, blood!
Come on, then! Come quick!
- Who is that blasting at us?
- Bricker and Skitz!
You're dead!
Fuckin' dickhead! Fuck you!
- Hey, yo, who's that?
- That's Timmy, fam!
Yo, you fuckin' pussy!
- Come on, man! Younger, man!
- Bricker, this is bait!
There's two of them, bruv!
What the fuck, blood?
Yo, man!
Fuckin' pussios, blood!
A 23-year-old
man was shot in Peckham last night,
making him the fifth victim of
gun crime in the last 11 days.
The police say it's due
to an escalated rivalry
between two south-east
London gangs.
You hear that, though?
- Aren't they the same group that stabbed you?
- I don't know, Mum.
You don't know?
Eh? They need to up their game,
them parents. And the police.
Otherwise, people like you and your
brother are gonna keep getting hurt!
- Where you going?
- I'm just going, innit?
- Yeah. All right, lemme come and help you.
- I'm good.
- I'll bring your tea?
- Mum, I'm good! I'm good.
The
underlying issues are social.
They're educational,
even economic.
Yo, family.
What you doing here?
My cuz been put in a wheelchair.
What do you think
I'm doing here?
My mum said
it was mistaken identity.
Come on.
Who done it?
- Madder's younger.
- A yout?
You let a yout do this to you?
And where was Marco?
There's nothing
Marco could have done, man.
It's not even his fault.
Don't even matter anymore, man.
They've won.
What are you talking
about, they've won, huh?
They ain't won shit.
Listen to me.
It's his little younger, yeah?
I swear to you I'll put him
in the fucking ground. Trust me.
I'm part to blame
for this shit, man.
I should never have got you in this
gang bang ting in the first place.
I'm sorry.
Sorry that this has had
to happen to you, cuz.
Yeah, well...
This Madder's younger yout,
yeah?
I'll find him.
Let's go, let's go.
Yeah, more of that,
more of that.
What the fuck is going on here?
What the fuck
are these youts doing, bruv?
Yo, film my olders.
Let the fans see the real goons.
- You get me?
- Are you filming?
Blood, don't film me, bruv.
Don't film me, bruv. Gimme that.
Are you mad?
Oi, Tiny, what's this film for?
It's for Link Up TV.
It's due to get bare views.
Do you think
I care about views?
Huh? You think I want my face
all over YouTube, blood?
You know the feds
are watching these tings?
Sorry, Mads, I didn't clock.
I was just gassed to get
your man in the video,
but can't you just
give him back?
Oh, shut up, man.
Are you lot fuckin' stupid,
blood?
What's wrong with you, fam?
You know the feds
are on us, bruv.
Plus, we're in the middle
of a war right now.
You lot shouldn't even be
on a block like this.
This ain't a joke, you know.
Plus, you man
are all chatting bare shit.
I ain't never seen
one of you little dickheads
on the block with man once.
You lot don't ride.
You ain't coming up with man, blood.
You lot pussios, bruv.
Get the fuck outta my face
furthermore.
I'm sorry, man.
I weren't thinking.
I was just gassed
to get your man in the video.
But if Madder don't
bring back that camera,
Rashid's never gonna let me
back on his channel again.
I'm trying to do this rap thing
seriously, like you told me to, bro.
Yo, Mads, let me chat
to you quickly, bruv.
I know, I know, I know, I know.
It's stupid, bruv.
Just give it back to my man.
He's gonna edit us out of it.
Trust me, man. I got this, man.
Cut us out, innit?
Make sure the rest of it's good.
Understand.
How'd you get him to give it back?
You got him on lock, innit?
Everyone says you come like
the older and he's washed.
What? Why?
Cos you're always saving him,
like against Switcher.
Lemme tell you something.
Don't listen to what people say
cos people chat shit.
Yeah?
I don't mind you
calling yourself Tiny Madder,
but be your own man.
Focus on the music ting,
you could be the next Dave or something.
Understand?
See you later, bro.
Love, love, love, love.
Oh, my days.
What gowan den?
I swear to God Imma ride out
on dem man tonight.
There ain't no point
in you lot going out there.
- Who the fuck is this?
- Yo.
My big cousin, man.
He's from Tottenham.
Hey, yo, Switch.
What you bring him here for, fam?
We don't need help.
We got these men on the ropes right now.
Yet the younger who put
my cousin in a wheelchair
is still breathing.
Come on, bro.
Look, I know you man
have been putting in the work.
Yeah? It's obvious.
It's all over the news and that.
But all it's doing
is getting your man dem nicked
and making feds more on it.
You men have to
start moving smarter.
We deal with things how we
wanna deal with it round here.
I don't know how you man
handle things in Tottenham.
How about you deal
with them Hackney youts
before you come here
chatting shit.
Alie, Bricker?
Them man, they know nothing.
Let's just do
what we've been doing.
It's true, though, Skitz, man.
Yeah, we've been
applying pressure every day,
but Timmy's still
out there breathing, fam.
That's why you should have let
me wet him up back in the day.
All right, then, big cousin.
What do you suggest we do?
- Wait.
- Man said "wait."
Now, hear me out.
Hear me out, yeah?
Every squad has got
one weak link.
All you got to do
is wait for him to slip up.
I say we go down there now,
you know. Huh?
I'm on it, blood. Them man try
and burn my skin the other day.
Oi, you man.
Go round up
all the tings, yeah?
Dig up everyting.
Link man back here in,
like, an hour or so.
Nah, this is all long, man.
What's long about it?
Look, it's all over
the news, bro.
The only people that are gonna be out
there on their block are the feds.
Don't make no sense
us going right now.
Hey, you don't talk
for the gang, you know?
- Neither do you.
- What?
You know what?
Whoever's in a shook man ting,
yeah, with younger,
go stand with him, innit?
Whoever's on this ting,
ready to ride on these pagans,
come and stand by me, innit?
Already know what I'm on.
I'm on.
Oi, no one ain't gonna
get touched, you know?
Just stand
where you wanna stand!
Is that what you're going on,
yeah, younger?
You're the man in charge now.
Yeah? Hmm?
You run tings now, yeah? Huh?
All I'm saying is,
it's not a good idea
to go out there today, innit?
That's all.
Man dem, you seeing this?
He's either shook of Bricker
or he's playin' both sides.
You don't wanna kill Bricker,
do you?
You know what Bricker done.
What did Bricker do?
Huh? What did he do?
- Killed your little slag girlfriend.
- Fuck you!
Don't hold him! Huh?
You wanna test me, yeah?
You're getting way too big
for your boots!
Watch how I put you down!
Watch!
- Are you mad, bruv?
- Fuckin' stupid!
We got man trying to kill us and
you're trying to kill each other?
Fuck that, bruv!
You brought him to me!
I should have
duppied him down then!
What are you doing, fam?
Oi, Madder, what you doing?
You're wrong for that,
bruv, you know that?
You can't talk about
a man's girl like that.
What's wrong with you?
What, you're picking him
over me?
I'm not picking no one.
It's not a side ting.
You was wrong for that.
This is a team.
Fuck all of you, man!
Fuck off!
Bro, where you going, bruv?
Hey, Mads, come here, man!
Oi, younger!
- Hey yo, YM!
- Hey, YM!
Oi, come back, man.
What's wrong
with youse lot, man?
What?
I'm outside yours,
but come downstairs, man.
You'd better shoot me now.
Calm down, bro.
Calm down, man.
I ain't got nothing on me.
I ain't got my shank,
my strap, nothing.
Come here to chat.
Them tings I said earlier
about your girl...
you being a snake and that.
I know it was
out of order, man.
Come to apologise.
You called her a slag.
I know.
It's just, I was meant to be the
one to put Switcher down, man.
It's just, I put my whole life
into this shit.
I been putting in work out here,
doing tings I didn't even
wanna do on these streets.
I ain't been getting the love
that you've been getting.
So you just came here
to apologise, yeah?
- Yeah.
- So, why you come in a van?
Killy's got the drop on Bricker.
Said he's at some girl's yard
in Old Kent Road.
Going to pick him up now,
grabbing the tings.
Going right down there.
So, why didn't Killy tell me?
I told him not to tell you.
I wanted to see
exactly what you was on.
Who do you really wanna kill?
Me or Bricker?
Don't ever talk about her
like that again.
Let's go before he gets away.
How did Killy get the info?
Yo!
What you sayin'?
You pussios kissed and made up yet?
This dickhead.
Hurry up and jump in, man.
- Hey, YM, wind down the window, fam.
- What?
Wind down the window, man.
Hey, listen, I can't sit
in the back no more.
My back's fucked
from the other day, blood.
You know the rules
when it comes to the front seat.
Come on, blood.
What, man can't allow me
the front seat
after I got Bricker
on a plate for you?
Come on by you, man,
let me sit in the front.
My brudda.
All right, listen,
let's go and do this, bruv.
Who's smoking, man?
- Oh, Mads. Allow it, man.
- Joker, man.
Shit, blood.
If man don't hurry up,
he's not gonna be there.
You want me to go
down there naked or something?
Chill, man.
- Yo! I wanted to stretch my legs, man!
- Keep an eye out!
Yeah, yeah.
Killy, bust the door.
I wanna stretch my legs.
Gimme two minutes.
I'm just pissing, bro.
Hey, somebody already
dug up the tings, you know?
I know.
I swear that's my ting.
Where's the other one?
This ting here, yeah?
Think I'm gonna hold on to this
one, you know, my brudda.
Who the fuck are you?
Your younger put my little
cousin in a fucking wheelchair.
You fuckin' snake.
- Where's younger?
- Fuck younger!
Yo Killy,
what's taking so long, man?
Yo!
Yo, Killy!
Your boy Killy sold you out.
Who's that?
You know,
I told you, innit?
I told you I wasn't gonna stop
until you was dead.
Marco?
Bust the door
and let's settle this.
What do I need
to bust the door for?
You're gonna die where you are.
What you doing?
Hey, what's that smell?
Is that petrol?
Oi, help! Oi, Madder, help!
You really lined us up, fam?
It's not an us ting, Mads.
We're cool, blood.
We've always been cool.
But you said it yourself, cuz.
My man's getting
too big for his boots.
I just introduce you and you turn
him into your younger straight away?
I was supposed to be
younger Madder!
Fuckin' dick.
Oi, fuck you, Marco!
Lemme out and face me like a man, fam!
Did you face my brother
like a man?
No! You stabbed him
in the fuckin' back!
Fam, it's that weed, fam.
What's wrong with you?
I've seen it, fam.
Younger's always
shown you love!
I've always shown you love!
My man's offering me four boxes
of ami to line YM up, cuz.
I already got two.
I get the other two
when he's dead.
I'll even give you one.
Hey, don't play games or nothing.
I told you three boxes.
I only owe you one.
Oi! Oi, fuckin' Marco, man!
You're the one who's fucked
now, you fuckin' bitch.
Oi!
Move out the fuckin' way
before I strangle you.
Fuck that!
Blood, you might be all right with
living in my man's shadow, cuz,
but I've done that shit
my whole life.
Ever since I was
in primary school, cuz.
I ain't doing it no more, cuz.
I ain't doing it no more.
Fuck my man.
And furthermore... fuck you.
You forgot I used the last shell in
the park the other day, you prick.
Oi, help! Madder, help!
Fuck you.
Marco.
Pleased to meet you.
I love this guy!
Burn, you fuckin' bitch.
Bruv, are you fuckin' mad?
Pussio.
Fuck this.
Yo!
Oi, younger,
you all right.
I'm gonna get you out, fam!
- It's too hot, man!
- Oi, fam!
Oi, Madder!
Oi, Madder! I can't breathe!
- Oi, younger!
- Yo!
You hear me?
I'm gonna get you out, fam!
Kick the door!
I don't wanna die, man!
Kick the lock, fam!
Kick the lock!
I'm trying! I'm trying, man!
I don't wanna die, man!
Hey, open the door!
- No!
- Kick the lock!
Oi, stay awake, younger!
Stay awake!
I can't breathe.
I can't breathe, bruv.
Stay awake, fam! Stay awake!
Stay awake! Stay awake!
It's okay, man.
I'm gonna go to her, man.
Younger!
♪ So, that's it right there, man
Timmy died ♪
♪ Marco set the van alight
And tried to burn him alive ♪
♪ Killy set it all up
Cos he was jealous inside ♪
♪ He even tried to burn Madder
But Madder survived ♪
♪ And he shot Killy dead
When they fought for the gun ♪
♪ He shot Killy in the head ♪
♪ Madder turned snitch And
struck a deal With the feds ♪
♪ Tyrone got bagged first
And Marco got next ♪
♪ Tyrone got 35
And Marco got five less ♪
♪ Tyrone got more
As a co-conspirator ♪
♪ Either way
They're both doing life ♪
♪ Bird behind the door ♪
♪ Switcher got the news And
that was Switcher's last straw ♪
♪ He decided he don't
Wanna be alive anymore ♪
♪ His mum found him dead
Inside his chair ♪
♪ He overdosed on all his pills
And left the world Without a care ♪
♪ His mother's heart's broken
She lost both her sons ♪
♪ There really ain't no winners
When you're playing With them guns ♪
♪ Madder came home
He went jail for Killy ♪
♪ But because he testified, man
His bird was silly ♪
♪ But he changed
He wasn't the same ♪
♪ He left the road life
Behind him ♪
♪ Never went back
To the borough again ♪
♪ He's working now
He's a brand-new man ♪
♪ Qualified youth worker Stopping
young kids From joining gangs ♪
♪ It's crazy
How it all worked out ♪
♪ Before you bang
For your ends ♪
♪ Just remember
How these man turned out ♪
♪ That's Blue Story ♪
I can't explain how I feel.
I'm still in shock.
You killed my son.
My son!
♪ Yeah, that's the Blue Story ♪
♪ Blue Story, Blue Story
Blue Story... ♪
Your essential
guide to the hottest new music.
Brand-new entry at
number ten in the official UK charts.
It's Tiny Madder with "Rolling."
Hey, YM would have been happy
to see your music doing well, though.
I did this music ting for him.
That was my big bro, my guy.
And I'm gonna get
revenge for him.
- Don't watch that.
- Bricker's in pen though.
It's not just Bricker.
It's all them fuckin'
Peckham youts.
I'm gonna kill them all.